AutoPlus Web Site
=================

The web sites <http://autopl.us> and www.autopl.us are hosted on Azure using an Azure static web site which is currently pretty simple, starting at index.html and leading to descriptions of DivisiBill.

The index.html file is generated from index.md. The logo file is just the DivisiBill logo with a red background (it's an SVG file to obviate problems with scaling).These files combine to make a simple web site that advertises DivisiBill and hosts its help subsystem (the same files as are used in the app).

To control the web site, log on to Azure and go to the static web app called autoplus-web. This domain is natively called blue-mushroom-0194da510.azurestaticapps.net but is aliased to 'autopl.us' and 'www.autopl.us' (see below).

Originally there was an automated mechanism to update these files whenever the development branch of DivisiBill was pushed to GitHub, but that generated too many unnecessary updates.

One of the problems with the old solution was that a bunch of other files got put out there too, and they really did not need to be part of the web site. Now we have a plan B, where the web site updates are actually driven from a completely different repository called autoplus-web that's currently updated manually. The web project is a bunch of files and an app that emulates the DivisiBill help system (though you can traverse the files in a browser)

I generally edit the site with Visual Studio because it's mostly markdown but SVG files are more easily don in Inkscape (see the developer ReadMe in DivisiBill for more details).
 
An alternative way to edit the ../DivisiBill/Web site is using VS code, since it knows about both MD files and HTML. The issue with this is that VS Code hasn't been trained to make controllable HTML files from MD (but VS has, using the "Markdown Editor" extension). By providing an HTML template and a CSS file, the HTML generated by VS has the correct CSS reference in the \<head> block and the preview shows what it looks like by using md-styles.css. So all that is needed after the files are changed is to copy any changed HTML (or svg) files to the autoplus-web repository 'site' folder and check them in there - pushing the updates to GitHub will trigger an update to the web site.

The DNS provider used for the autopl.us domain (currently TierraNet) has an ALIAS record for autopl.us and a CNAME for 'www.autopl.us', both referring to the native domain name, so references to 'autopl.us' or 'www.autopl.us' redirect to the static web site hosted on azure. Initially there was a handshake to convince Azure that we legitimately owned the 'autopl.us' domain, but now Azure provides HTTPS certificates for all the aliases of the web site, which saves much grief.
